      It was that time again wasn’t it, that dreadful feeling was bellowing up from within me once again. Did he really have to do it every single morning? Moments passed in silence and I thought that maybe, just maybe, I had escaped my single greatest tormenter, until finally, he snapped. The faint hum of radio static came to a halt and within the car, a familiar voice echoed. The voice of Steve Jobs. My dad could have opted for the usual methods to entertain his kid - turning on an episode of Spongebob, tuning in to an actual radio station, or perhaps even getting me a book to read. Well to my dad these ways were unacceptable and so every morning without fail on the drive to school he would turn on some amalgamation of motivational YouTube videos. He had a plethora of them, most of which I can't recall because, as a 9-year-old, watching motivational videos was about as captivating as watching paint dry. However, there was one that he played at least once a week, and although I don't remember most of the words, I do remember with absolute clarity the words of Steve Jobs. “You can’t connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future." Back then, I didn't fully appreciate the significance of those words, but today they resound with absolute clarity.
During my childhood sports were of the utmost importance. They were my bread and butter and happened to be what I looked forward to every week. Despite not being all too good I had high hopes of eventually making the high school soccer varsity team. After the first year of tryouts, with a combination of hard work and some good fortune, I made the team. The C team. It wasn't what I had hoped for but I had an absolute blast that season. So the following year I went into tryouts naively thinking I would smash it, but after the announcement that we were losing an entire team due to coach vacancy came I began worrying. On the last day of tryouts, as I played my heart out on the field, a friend came to sub me out. Even before my coach finished speaking, my heart plummeted. I was cut from the team. Looking back, it all seems trivial that my entire world crumbled because I didn't make a high school soccer team, but that was how I felt. Soccer was all I ever was. The following year I tried desperately to get back on but unfortunately, I never made it back on the team.
Despite that, during that same school year when I felt all the doors were closing on me, A couple of new ones opened up. On a whim, I took two courses: debate, and AP computer science. Little did I know how big of a factor these would become in my life. Slowly but thoroughly I refocused my life in ways I never could have imagined. In debate I discovered confidence in myself and my voice; teaching myself how to speak in public regardless of my social anxiety. Leading me to the present day where I am the leader of the debate squad. In computer science, I regained my sense of exploration and curiosity, kindling a fire of enthusiasm that has lasted till today. It wasn't an easy path and I had no sense of direction for most of it, but that's exactly my point. It's the ability to persist and trust that those dots will connect in my future, even when the path forward is muddied that defines the student,leader, and person I am today.

